In this document, we will present our evaluation of this Computer Science Project. To make sure that we covered all points, the evaluation is split in several parts. First, the team work is evaluated, after which the Development Plan is covered. Next, the implementation process is evaluated. Lastly, we reflect on the project as a whole.

**Team Work**

In Q1 of the Computer Science Minor we already worked together in the Software Engineering Methods project. During that project, we already worked together very well as a team. At the beginning of this project, we decided to keep going the way we had before, since it had worked very well. With the end of this project, we all feel that we have become an even better team, since we all know much more about each other. Especially communication really improved.

During the previous project, team members did not always really know what the others were working. This project however, all team members really felt more engaged in the project and knew what the other team members were up to. This was partly due because of the weekly meetings, in which everybody updated the other team members about the work status and possible problems. 

**Development Plan**

We believe that the Development Plan really helped keep us on track, although we were a bit unsure at first. This was mainly because we learned about the Agile methodology in the previous project, and a Development Plan felt like throwing Agile away and restarting with Waterfall again. However, in retrospective, we are glad that we had a Development Plan, because it helped guide us if we did not exactly know anymore what we had in mind at the beginning of the project.

For the requirements in the plan, all have been implemented. This deserves a little side note, since it is possible to set the date range as an input parameter, but for our project, this date range was always the full year 2019 to provide a more specified scope for our research question.

The list of constraints has grown a little since the beginning of the project, because of small unforseen factors or scope limitations, such as need to specify a timeframe for the KNMI website to scrape the weather data. Also, the primary method of comparing the results needed to be changed, to matplotlib instead of google maps, due to unexpected limitations of the API. However, google maps was retained as a secondary visualization, to ensure we could validate the geolocations of our data points.

Of the MOSCOW list of features, all "Must" and "Should Haves" have been implemented. During the project, we stuck to the priorities set in the Development Plan, and also our Design Objectives and Strategy were maintained, as can also be read in the previous paragraph.

The timeline presented in the Design Plan was followed, but the module to scrape the data from Strava took much longer than expected, as can also be read in the next paragraph. This resulted in the final two weeks being packed with efforts to clean and analyse the data. This, in combination with the huge size of the data set, also meant that we did not know whether our data could be validated until the very end. This was one of the risk factors presented in the Design Plan, so although we attempted to avoid such a situation, it took much longer than expected to actually validate the data.

**Implementation Process**

In comparison to the previous project, there was a clear Design Plan from the beginning, which helped a lot in dividing the work that needed to be done. For example, because we created a table of in- and output parameters of all modules, it was possible to start on different modules at the same time, without having data to test the modules. Everybody already knew what the format and structure of the input data would be. In combination with the very clear communication, this really helped the team to work on separate modules at the same time without losing track of what the other members were doing.

Even though we believe we started with a very thorough Development Plan, some changes were necessary. For example, the module that scrapes the data from the Strava website took much longer than expected, which resulted in a very short time left to finish the actual data analysis and results validation. Also, we did not anticipate that there would be such a huge amount of data available on Strava. Because of this, in combination with the severe limitations posed by the Strava API, we decided to limit our scope to Zuid-Holland instead.

**Overall**

At the beginning of the project, we found it really hard to come up with a project. We feel this was because of several reasons, the first of which is the fact that because there are so little requirements to the project, we could not really use them as guidelines to find an interesting project. On its own, very little requirements can be a very good thing, because it stimulates creativity and often produces more diverse projects. However, the second reason that we had difficulty in coming up with a project is that we felt that the expectation of the project staff was also not really clear. For example, for about two weeks it remained a mystery to us how we were going to be graded, and when we asked for help when we were stuck in our brainstorm session, we did not receive very much input. This, in combination with the huge amount of possibilities within the project scope resulted in a very difficult two first weeks, since we had absolutely no clue what to do for our project. Luckily, once we had a project goal, we really managed to get started and finish the project without any major impediments. Only sometimes, when there was a deadline or a presentation, it remained unclear what we had to do for a long time.

Of course, there are also positive points. For example, we were really glad that there was a weekly meeting scheduled with our TA, and he really helped us as well as he could in clearing any uncertainties and giving advice when for example we had to cope with the very strict Strava API limitations, so we want to thank him for really helping us out the for the past ten weeks.